# Architecting a modular Rust-dr

We want a flexible rust utility that let's us spin up a lot of different types of customizable measurement tools for our agent swarm monitoring and the applications that are being built and the containers / runtime issues. The important part is that we can use this to spin up multiple different terminals with vastly different views information and styles, all through one rust utility. It is adaptable, env aware, runs in codespace as part of my github subscription, and the best part is anything that you conceptualize and want our super swarm will build. This just is a great way to interact with it outside of our main station hub (if we don't feel like starting all of the apps up). Think through the implications with modern agent tools like claude, opencode, and inference providers like huggingface. We want this tool to be able to use my inference, just as much as it monitors it.

For the look and feel right off the bat we are going with above looking down RTS strategy game stylized like the Mega Man Legends game, but providing all of these functionalities. Think of this as using backgrounds, styles, colors, and most importantly menu utility, complex system management, fun animation, all brought to life using React + Rust. You will want to layout good bones, but do not need to build all of it. Just give the team a great start.

Last time you created the read me but failed after creating the architecture diagram, so make sure that you successfully write the architecture decisions to github repo. 

## Status
ANALYZING

Generated by Project Genesis.